KEP-4205: update for alpha release in 1.33 (#49895)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics.md

On Kubernetes 1.21 you must use the `--show-hidden-metrics-for-version=1.20`
flag to expose these alpha stability metrics.

### kubelet Pressure Stall Information (PSI) metrics

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.33" state="alpha" >}}

> As an alpha feature, Kubernetes lets you configure Kubelet to collect Linux kernel [Pressure Stall Information](https://docs.kernel.org/accounting/psi.html)

Reviewer: Should we mention any requirements on kernel for this?

Reviewer 2: Good point! I added kernel version requirement to the docs.

On Kubernetes 1.21 you must use the `--show-hidden-metrics-for-version=1.20`
flag to expose these alpha stability metrics.

### kubelet Pressure Stall Information (PSI) metrics

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.33" state="alpha" >}}

> As an alpha feature, Kubernetes lets you configure Kubelet to collect Linux kernel [Pressure Stall Information](https://docs.kernel.org/accounting/psi.html)
>  (PSI) for CPU, memory and IO usage. The information is collected at node, pod and container level. The metrics are exposed at the `/metrics/cadvisor` endpoint with the following names:

Reviewer 3: Please wrap these long lines as we do for other paragraphs.
See sembr.org for the suggested line breaking style.

```suggestion
As an alpha feature, Kubernetes lets you configure Kubelet to collect Linux kernel
[Pressure Stall Information](https://docs.kernel.org/accounting/psi.html)(PSI)
for CPU, memory and I/O usage.
The information is collected at node, pod and container level.
The metrics are exposed at the `/metrics/cadvisor` endpoint with the following names:
```

```
container_pressure_cpu_stalled_seconds_total
container_pressure_cpu_waiting_seconds_total
container_pressure_memory_stalled_seconds_total
container_pressure_memory_waiting_seconds_total
container_pressure_io_stalled_seconds_total
container_pressure_io_waiting_seconds_total
```

> You must enable the `KubeletPSI` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) to use this feature. The information is also exposed in the [Summary API](/docs/reference/instrumentation/node-metrics#psi).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must enable the `KubeletPSI` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
to use this feature. The information is also exposed in the
[Summary API](/docs/reference/instrumentation/node-metrics#psi).
```
